pour your milk into a medium size saucepan. add the soft butter and heat till the butter is melted. pour the milk and the melted butter into a large bowl. check the temperature of the milk. you want it to be between 100 and 110. take your room temperature egg and brake it into a small bowl. with a fork , beat the egg and add it to the milk mixture. add about 1 cup of flour and mix together with a wooden spoon. add in the instant dry yeast and the ground cinnamon to the mixture. using the wooden spoon beat till well blended. add in the sugar and salt. mix together. add the rest of the flour and mix. place dough onto a lightly floured surface and knead the dough. using the palm of your hands , push the dough away with a rolling motion. fold the dough back toward yourself. then give the dough a quarter turn. continue this sequence of pushing , folding and turning. knead the dough for about 6-8 minutes. adding flour as you need it. after pour a little oil into a clean bowl. place the kneaded dough into the bowl and give it a turn to coat all sides of the dough. cover with plastic wrap and allow to bulk up to double it's size. this will take about 1 hour. after the dough has doubled in bulk , pour out onto a lightly floured surface. flatten the dough and add the cranberries and the golden raisins. knead the dough till the dried fruit is evenly spread throughout the dough. shape the dough into a rectangle. cut the dough with a sharp knife into three equal sizes. after you cut the dough into three equal parts. cut each piece of dough in half again. then cut each piece again in half. you should end up with 12 equal size pieces. grease a 9 x 9 square pan. roll each dough into a ball and place them into the pan 4 down 3 across. cover the dough with plastic wrap once again. allow to double in size. this will take about 1 hour. place pan into a preheated 350f oven for 25 to 30 minutes. or , till a thermometer is placed into the center of the bread in the middle and the temperature reads between 190 - 200. remove from pan. while the bread is still hot brush with melted butter. as soon as you brush the melted butter on the top of the bread. immediately tap a layer of powder sugar over the top with a sieve or sifter. enjoy this wonderful bread.