prep pan: take a 9" square baking pan and encase it entirely with heavy duty or quick-release aluminum foil. grease only the sides of the inside of the pan with non-stick cooking spray or use butter. line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. stir the yeast , water , and sugar , in a small bowl. allow it to stand for about 5-8 minutes to dissolve the yeast. mix flour and salt together in a large bowl or stand mixer. add the yeast mixture and stir to moisten the flour , scraping the sides of the bowl and folding the dough over itself until it gathers into a shaggy mass. move the dough to a lightly floured surface and knead it by hand for 5 minutes. gently shape the dough into a loose ball , cover it with plastic , and let it rest on the table for 20 minutes. if the dough seems too stiff and hard to knead , add extra warm water 1 tablespoon at a time until you get a nice malleable dough. gently knead the dough on the lightly floured surface for 1-2 more minutes , or until it becomes smooth , supple , and elastic but not too firm. shape the dough into a loose ball , place it in a lightly oiled bowl , and turn to coat the top with oil. cover it tightly with plastic wrap and let it rise at room temperature about 1 1 / 2 to 2 hours. meanwhile make the caramel: in a small saucepan , melt the butter and then add the dark brown sugar over low heat , stirring occasionally , until the butter has melted and the sugar is completely moistened. whisk until the mixture looks silky and a little lighter in color. pour the caramel into the square pan , tilting the pan slightly so the mixture spreads evenly over the bottom of the pan. set aside. when the dough has doubled , gently pour it onto the floured work surface. roll dough out to form a 9x9" square. spray dough evenly with non-stick cooking spray , leaving a 1 / 2-inch strip unsprayed along the top edge. sprinkle the cinnamon sugar generously and evenly , then sprinkle with chopped pecans , again leaving the top 1 / 2-inch of the rectangle bare. starting with the bottom edge , roll up the dough jelly-roll fashion into log. pinch gently but firmly along the seam to seal. cut the log of dough into 4 equal pieces. lay the pieces cut side down on top of the caramel. don't worry if it's a tight fit. let rise , uncovered , at room temperature for 1 hour or until the dough has almost doubled ,. meanwhile , position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350f bake for 30-35 minutes , until the tops of the buns are golden brown and crusty. set the pan of buns on a rack to cool for 5 minutes. then quickly but carefully transfer the buns onto a heatproof plate. immediately drizzle any remaining caramel from the bottom of the pan and spread it on the tops of the buns , filling in any bare spots. let the buns cool until just warm before serving.