first make the hawaiian bread. combine the lukewarm water and the lukewarm milk together with the 1 tbsp sugar and both packets of yeast. let sit 5-10 minutes until foamy- if it doesn't get foamy , then your liquids were too hot and killed the yeast or your yeast was too old. combine eggs , vanilla , 1 cup sugar , lemon extract , and foamy yeast mixture in a large bowl. add flour gradually , about 1 cup at a time- adding enough to make a stiff dough- you may not need all of the flour or you may need even a little more , depending upon the humidity the day you make the bread. once the doughs forms into a kneadable mass , dump it onto a floured surface and knead about 8-10 minutes or until the dough is smooth and elastic. divide dough into 2 halves and form into balls. place each dough ball into a greased pie plate , cover with plastic loosely , and let rise 1-1 1 / 2 hours or until doubled in bulk. when dough is rising , combine the ingredients for the dip together until smooth , cover and chill until ready to use. if you plan to use both loaves of bread , make an extra batch of dip. once the dough has fully risen , place bread in preheated 375 f oven and bake for 30 minutes , or until golden and if rapped on the bottom of the loaf , they should sound hollow. remove from pans and let cool completely. shortly before serving time , hollow out one loaf of bread , leaving a shell to use as a bread bowl for the dip. cut the chunks of bread into cubes or just tear into bite sized pieces. when ready to serve , fill hollowed out loaf with chilled dip. serve bread and dip with a platter of fresh veggies and the bite sized pieces of the bread you tore earlier. remove from the fridge and let rise until doubled in bulk and proceed with the rest of the recipe. this recipe makes enough dip for one loaf to be filled at least once , but makes enough bread for two loaves. sometimes i bake the second loaf anyway and have that available to cut into more bread cubes or i just make up an extra batch of dip for the second loaf.